[Eva] We have now
defrosted and processed
all of the bodies.
All male. except one.
[in French]
Champignon de mousse.
So. she could have died
in a swimming pool?
So you're someone else
who wants to know
what it's like to be
attracted to children?
It can be fun. you know?
I'll make it fun.
Carl was an abuser.
There were lots of parties.
May I ask. Harriet.
why now?
I had a dream
about my daughter.
She disappeared
from school.
[man] The church
isn't always locked.
[Victoria] It's not just us.
you know.
Stop!
[man over phone]
He needs one more.
- She knows too much.
- [screams]
Tired of searching for subtitles?
Ray generates them instantly: getray.app
[water bubbles]
- [indistinct chatter. laughter]
- [bell tolling]
[Heather]
Wait. are you timing?
[Emily]
Timing's irrelevant. though.
- [Emily laughs]
- [Heather sighs]
How long
has it been though?
Emily?
Shush.
- Emily?
- Shush!
♪ ominous music playing
[Heather] Emily!
♪ tense music playing
- [Anna coughs]
- [girls gasp]
[Heather] Jesus!
Did your hand get stuck
or something?
'Cause I was genuinely
spooked there for a second.
[chuckles]
What was it like?
It's all right.
It's not as bad as all that.
Did you even
do it though?
[Anna] Of course.
- Oh!
- [girls laughing]
[Heather]
Anna. you twat!
[laughter]
Hurry up and
put your clothes on.
- you're making me cold.
- [Anna] Here.
- [screams] Anna!
- [girls laughing]
Oh. my God.
[girl]
Shit. it's all over you.
What about you. Bethan?
No. I thought not.
Charity case.
[girls laughing]
[Emily] OK. come on.
I can't be arsed with this lot.
[girl] Genuinely though.
that's so lame.
[overlapping chatter. laughter]
Let's go.
♪ ominous music playing
[water splashing]
Bethan?
Bethan. don't.
It's done.
What do I have to do?
Quickly. I can do it.
You bring up
a handful of the black silt
in between the rocks
at the bottom.
It's stupid. Please. get out.
You don't have to do it.
[inhales deeply]
♪ sombre music playing
[water bubbling]
[breathing heavily]
♪ ominous music playing
Bethan.
Bethan!
[muffled screams]
[muffled] Bethan? Bethan?
[muffled] Bethan!
[muffled screams]
[muffled grunts]
♪ uneasy music playing
♪ Rock-a-bye. baby
on the tree top ♪
♪ When the wind blows
the cradle will rock ♪
♪ When the bough breaks
the cradle will fall ♪
♪ It will fall
♪ And down will come baby
cradle and all ♪
[vocalizing]
♪ Hush. little baby
♪ Don't you weep
[siren wails distantly]
[breathing heavily]
[zipper unzips]
Ma'am?
OK. that's...
It's Mary Burkeman.
A member of the public
called it in.
Heard a loud splash
and then a scream.
[Jeanette breathes heavily]
And it happened here?
I need this gone.
I need it to stop.
And at the moment.
this just feels endless.
Death after death
after death.
And we look incompetent.
because we are incompetent.
I have worked
my entire life.
I've done everything
I was supposed to do.
And now it doesn't matter
what I do.
this is all I or you
will ever be.
We'll be the women
that failed.
[sighs]
♪ melancholy music playing
[Verity sniffles]
[Verity breathes deeply]
[siren wails distantly]
[siren continues]
[knocking on door]
[knocking]
[knocking continues]
Kebabs.
Chilli sauce and
onions on both. Delicious.
- Can I come in?
- [chuckles] Sure.
[door shuts]
I know it's late.
[chuckles] It's two o'clock
in the morning.
I know. I know.
It's. erm...
been a weird day.
OK.
I'm partly here because of.
erm. Mary Burkeman.
You've found her?
Ah.
Yeah.
It's not like the others.
She was pulled
from the river.
So. that's the last
of her family.
- She's all alone.
- Mm.
If Victoria
has done this...
will it stop now?
We need it to stop.
I need it to stop.
[wrapper rustling]
I've never felt so needed
in my entire life.
And it is a horrible.
horrible thing.
I can't let them down.
You won't.
Yeah. I'm sorry
it's 2:00 a.m.
It's absolutely 2:00 a.m.
[Jeanette chuckling]
I know.
Should I just fuck off
and I'll see you later?
Sure.
Yeah. I'm not gonna kiss you.
'cause I just had a kebab.
So I'll just plant one there
instead.
Night. night.
Night.
[door opens]
[door shuts]
♪ unsettling music playing
♪ unsettling music intensifies
[radio dispatcher]
Control to all units.
we have reports of
a break-in in progress.
Suspect may still be
on the premises.
Backup requested. over.
[Rob]
Anything?
[Hodge] Nope.
[Rob] Neighbour said
they heard the smash.
Saw someone in a hood
tryin' to jimmy the lock.
[faint radio chatter]
Have you tried the door?
♪ suspenseful music playing
[rustling]
Police! Is anyone here?
Looks like it's been
empty for months.
[sighs]
My money's on drugs.
What the hell?
[Hodge] Rob? Rob.
♪ suspenseful music playing
[Jeanette]
David fucking White.
Staring at us on CCTV.
[Verity] Are Victoria and David
working together?
How could we miss this?
I... At the very least.
these images confirm
that Victoria has been
keeping her mother captive.
Could she have been...
delivering her?
Th-There's no way
they'd be working together.
She's after
his associates.
Yeah. as far as we know.
What about Bethan Pryce?
What about her?
Well. the pond water
you collected
was a match for the diatoms
in Bethan's lungs.
She drowned in that pond
near Beecham College.
while in Victoria Burkeman's
year there.
She was then found
hidden in a crypt
less than a mile
from the school.
Yeah. I'm not doubting
she's connected.
That's what I've been
trying to tell you.
Yeah. I just...
I don't think Victoria
is guilty of her death.
I don't.
What I don't understand
is... is how she's
hiding so successfully.
Hmm.
She doesn't use cards.
she uses burner phones.
and we've only got
her school photograph.
It's like we're chasing
somebody who doesn't exist.
- [door opens]
- [Mike] Ma'am.
- Sorry to interrupt.
- [door closes]
I followed up after your
meeting with Eleanor Lowry.
and I found this image
from an online
Oxford University archive.
The man here
with the glasses
is the psychiatrist
Dr Julian Carter.
He's the man who said
that Victoria was lying
about being abused
when she was a teenager.
This is him at Oxford.
And this guy on the left...
Ben Burkeman.
And that
is Bertram Lowry.
Carl's father?
[Mike] And Eleanor's.
So when Dr Carter confirmed
that Victoria had
made it all up.
it suggests
a group of abusers
have used their own
psychiatrist mate
to silence their victims.
Dr Carter died
five years ago. cancer.
And Bertram Lowry passed away
from a heart attack in 2010.
- Fuck!
- [Verity gasps]
[sighs]
Why is everyone dead?
Well. I need coffee.
[siren wails in distance]
Mike?
[door opens]
[door closes]
♪ suspenseful music playing
Fuck!
♪ ominous music playing
- [police radio chatter]
- [crow caws]
[Mike]
Uniform called it in.
It was only when
speaking to the landlord.
Victoria's name was flagged.
She leaves him cash
in an envelope every month.
Has done since 2010.
He's in his eighties.
He's... he's. he's been
living under a rock.
- [policeman] All right. guv?
- [Mike] Mm.
[text alert chimes]
♪ suspenseful music playing
♪
[windchime jingling]
This bracelet. that's a match
to the one Bethan had.
♪
Jeanette?
Yeah.
Look.
♪
[crows cawing]
What is that?
♪
[Jeanette] Beecham College.
Hi. bunny.
[text alert chimes]
I need everything
in this room bagged.
Everything means something.
She broke that window
on purpose.
She wants us to see.
[Mike] We got a match.
That girl in the freezer.
Eva's analysed the semen found
and we've got a match.
Liam Draper. 19 years old.
Previous for petty theft.
[banging on door]
Ah. shit.
- Alex.
- Hmm.
[door shuts]
Has something happened?
Is everything OK?
Is it Jeanette?
Alex.
Is she here?
Now? No.
So she's been here?
But she's not here now.
But you've been
spending time together?
- Hangin' out?
- [stuttering] I...
Are you sleeping
with my wife?
I'm sorry?
You're obfuscating.
I'm asking you
a question.
Are you fucking my wife?
Alex. I'm sorry
you feel like this.
Er... I can't help you.
I barely know your wife.
What do you
want with us?
Stay away from us!
[Alex gasps]
Get out!
Get out.
Out.
[locks door]
♪ eerie music playing
♪ suspenseful music playing
[seagull squawking]
[crow caws]
Afternoon. sir.
Could I just have
- a second of your time. please?
- No. thank you.
Er... That's all right.
have a lovely day.
Hi. Er. sorry. it's not often
I get people approaching me.
Er. but before I tell you
a little bit about what we do.
are you both
having a lovely day?
Liam Draper?
DCI Jeanette Kilburn.
[Mike] DC Mike Dilliston.
With Bristol
Metropolitan Police.
You know you're supposed to go
through my parole officer?
I asked that anything like
that can be done through him.
Look. it's not good
for the cause.
[Mike] You can call
your parole officer.
Or a solicitor.
What's the point?
Look. is there somewhere
private we can talk?
Yeah. whatever. Fine.
Go on. then.
So. Liam. there's
no easy way to say this.
but earlier this week.
several bodies were
found up at a farm.
You don't think I had anything
to do with that. do you?
Do you?
For fuck's sake. man.
I swear I never...
[Jeanette] OK. just...
Among the bodies.
we found one female body.
We've not been
able to identify her.
but we have found various
DNA samples from her.
and you have
been identified.
You can't be serious.
You think
I murdered someone?
It's not me. You're wrong.
You've got the wrong person.
I'd like to show you
her photograph.
Show me her. because I don't
fucking know her. all right?
I don't know why my DN...
You OK. Liam?
What happened
to her hair?
[Jeanette]
What?
Rach's hair.
Rach?
That's Rachel.
[sniffles] Oh. my God.
Who did this to her?
That's what we're
trying to find out.
Tell us about her.
Go on.
tell us about Rachel.
[sniffles]
She was my girlfriend.
Mm-hmm.
She went missing.
And...
I never saw her again.
Well. when was this?
It was five years ago.
Tuesday. the 20th
of November. 2019.
Yeah.
That was the last time
I saw her.
As much information
as you can. Liam. please.
Her name is Rachel Fisher.
I met her
at Ledford House.
We were there
at the same time.
Ledford House?
Yeah.
Run me through the day she
went missing. Liam. please.
It was just a normal day.
And we hung out
in the morning.
She was going to a party
that night. so I...
just sat with her while
she did her makeup.
What kind of party?
I don't know.
I never got invited.
She said I couldn't come.
She got all quiet
and... and sad.
and I hated seeing her
like that so. I just...
[scoffs]
I didn't ask.
And now...
now I'd have known better.
But I was just a kid.
No. we were both
just kids.
We hung out.
she went to a party.
and she never came back.
[Jeanette]
Did you have sex with her
the day she went
to the party?
♪ pensive music playing
Yeah. Erm...
Yeah. we did. yeah.
But I asked her so many times
if she was sure.
All right? She said she wanted
to do it with someone that...
that loved her.
That was the only time
we. uh...
How many samples?
You said before there was
more than one DNA sample.
How many?
- I'm not...
- How many?
Five.
Not including yours.
[Liam] I told the staff.
[sniffles]
I told them. and...
and they said
they'd look into it.
but they couldn't
make her come back
if she didn't want to.
It's bullshit.
Would you make an official
statement for us. Liam?
Yeah.
Yeah. whatever
you need. Yeah.
I know you probably
can't tell me. but...
What happened to her hair?
I'm sorry. Liam.
we don't know.
OK.
Thank you. Liam.
Two bodies. decades apart.
from the same care home.
I'm gonna
call them now.
[Jeanette]
No. we go in person.
[Mike]
But we can't.
You gotta meet
with Eleanor Lowry.
Oh... shit.
[siren wailing]
[door opens]
[Jeanette] Take a seat wherever
you're comfortable. Eleanor.
We're very grateful to you
for coming in today.
Thank you.
If you think this will help.
then that's fine.
Let's do it.
Hi. Eleanor.
My name's
Dr Sophia Craven.
and I am here
to help with
some of the more
difficult questions.
OK.
[door closes]
How well have you
briefed her?
Well enough.
She's instinctive.
She'll feel her way
through it.
What can happen
when we experience trauma
is that our brain can
compartmentalise it.
It can almost
isolate the memory
and say. "No. thanks."
and it locks it away.
It's a really
smart thing to do.
It's just. in this case.
your memories potentially
contain evidence
that will help the police
bring people to justice.
I'm aware.
OK.
Would you like to begin
by telling me a memory
from that time?
Did you have a favourite
television programme?
Or maybe some music
you liked to listen to?
- I liked All Saints.
- Ah.
[chuckles] I didn't watch
much television.
but I really liked
All Saints.
And where did you
listen to them?
[clicks tongue]
Erm... in my room...
in the car...
with my mother.
And what was
your mother like?
She was
pleasant enough.
Never unkind to me.
Did enough mothering
not to be caught out.
What's in the bags?
I have some items
that we've retrieved
from a property believed to be
Victoria Burkeman's
last known address.
Police just wanted to see
if you recognised anything.
♪ suspenseful music playing
[gasps. shudders]
So. what's
the first thought you have
when you see that spoon?
Swimming pool.
The parties...
pool...
friends...
Ben. Peter...
[through speaker] David...
Daddy...
the girls.
Pretty girls get picked.
Me...
Pick me.
Who are the girls. Eleanor?
[inhales shakily]
Daughters. friends.
the wives.
[inhales sharply]
Could you
pick that spoon up?
Just...
hold it.
just for a moment.
♪ suspenseful music playing
I...
She fell in the pool.
Who?
[Eleanor]
We all got given drugs.
things to take
to relax us.
She was meant
for my brother.
Excuse me?
He had her later.
of course.
but she was too
strong-willed that day.
Where's the pool?
Alma mater.
What does she mean.
"Alma mater"?
[shushes]
What happened. Eleanor?
Can you tell me?
She did it on purpose...
tried to die.
Could she swim?
Everyone saw.
It was awful.
My father was...
[inhales shakily]
I'd never
seen him like that.
But Carl had been
promised a girl.
There had to be a girl...
so why not me?
Is this ethical?
You mean.
"Is it admissible?"
[Eleanor]
Then it began in earnest.
Three knocks on
my bedroom door for him.
Two knocks for Carl.
Stare at my ceiling
for hours.
and wonder...
Could she even swim?
My God.
♪ suspenseful music playing
Can you swim?
- [screaming]
- [screams. gasps]
[Eleanor panting]
[door opening]
[retching]
[Jeanette]
Are you all right?
- All right. that's enough.
- [Sophia gasping]
Come on.
Let's get some fresh air.
All right.
- [Sophia gasps] Oh. sorry.
- [Jeanette] You OK?
- [Sophia] Yeah.
- Have a seat. Sit down.
That's it.
take a nice breath.
- OK?
- Yeah. [sniffles]
- Yeah.
- Yeah?
You stay here and wait for me
to clock off work now.
No. no. er...
My doctor's appointment.
I've got the results
of that MRI.
[breathes deeply]
Right. you go home.
and you run yourself
a nice bath.
and you just relax.
and I'm gonna meet
you there. OK?
- Mm. OK. Yeah.
- All right?
- Deep breaths. for me please.
- [sniffles]
- [breathes deeply]
- That's it.
Right.
- [sniffles]
- OK?
- Oh. no. no. no.
- Oh. hey. I got ya. I got ya.
[breathes shakily]
[mobile phone ringing]
Rang the home
about Rachel.
They said that her file
has been returned
back to
the management company.
And I've got you
a meeting.
When?
Now.
Cheers. Mike.
[seagulls squawking]
[Jeanette]
Thank you for seeing me
- at such short notice.
- [door closes]
No problem at all.
Have a seat.
Thank you.
Now. then.
can I offer you
a cup of tea? Coffee?
[Jeanette]
No. I'm fine. thanks.
Well. that's a shame.
I've been told I make
a rather excellent brew.
Not a skill to be
underestimated.
[chuckles]
Well. truth be told.
my wife took pity on me.
When she saw what
I'd been serving up.
she took me in hand.
Now. er. just so
I get this straight.
er. one of my home managers
rang earlier.
She said
you wanted to inquire
about some records
for a Rachel...
- Fisher.
Yes. Yes.
We've been
looking into the deaths
of two former residents
of Ledford House.
- Mm. [sips]
- Which I believe you manage.
Mm. [smacks lips]
Yeah. we do
manage Ledford. yeah.
Obviously. we'll help you with
your inquiries any way we can.
How much
do you have to do
with the day-to-day running
of Ledford House?
Ah. Do you know.
I must confess. I...
I've never actually
been to Ledford.
We manage quite
a number of properties.
businesses.
facilities in the area.
So. a missing child
wouldn't be enough
to provoke you to visit?
Yeah. I hear
how it sounds.
And... and. you're right
to be outraged.
Part of my work
in the management of homes
such as Ledford
is an attempt to transform
the way they've been run.
It's a sorry state of affairs.
but the truth is that
only two missing children.
decades apart
from the same home.
is seen in
the British care system
as a resounding success.
- "Only."
- I know.
I've been looking
at the figures.
They're pretty
disheartening.
One in ten children
in the care system
will be reported missing
at any one time.
but that...
that's still a hypothetical.
one in ten.
Last year. the actual
figure was 12.738.
That's real children.
Now. that's just the data
on the ones reported missing.
These are kids
as young as seven. eight.
Sometimes they're runaways.
Yeah. sometimes.
But sometimes
they're trafficked.
or they're addicted to drugs
before their tenth birthdays.
or they attempt suicide.
We simply don't know.
because the government
don't want to look.
And while
a single missing child
is devastating.
unacceptable.
two in ten years.
that's considered
pretty good going.
Anyway...
[chuckles]
It was information on
Rachel Fisher you wanted.
Yes. please.
Where are we?
Er... Here we are.
So. her file came back to us
when we reported her missing.
After she disappeared.
- the police were contacted...
- They were contacted?
Yeah. of course.
But unfortunately.
no one ever followed up.
♪ sombre music playing
You'll find all the details.
including the incident
reference number. in that file.
Thank you for your time.
Well. er. look. if there's
anything else you need.
- please don't hesitate to ask.
- [knock on door]
- We're... we're always here.
- [door opens]
Ah! Have you met my wife?
Catherine. come say hello.
Lovely to meet you.
It's lovely to meet you. too.
And thank. thank you for this.
- Yeah.
- Thank you.
[stutters] And. thank...
thank you.
[line ringing]
[Mike on phone]
Jeanette?
Right. Just spoke
to Piers Stirling.
He told me they reported
Rachel missing at the time.
They've given me a folder with
the incident ref and everything.
He's saying that no one from
the police ever followed it up.
What?
We just look like morons.
because we are fucking morons.
You don't think... [sighs]
They reached out to us
at the time and we did nothin'.
[Mike] That's not good.
No. I'm on
my way back now.
See if I can salvage
any of this mess.
Listen. there's something
that I need from you first.
Why? What is it?
Could you meet me at
the emergency mortuary?
It's important.
Yeah. sure.
- Thanks.
- See you in a bit.
[sniffles]
[sighs] Bollocks!
[crows cawing]
[water running]
♪ sombre music playing
♪ melancholic music playing
♪
[gasps]
[exhales]
Can you swim?
Mike.
Jamal Ismael.
Hadi Rafiq.
Abib Tesfaye.
Nam Nguyen.
Zalmay Kahn.
And Rachel Fisher.
I... I know. er. we're
under no legal obligation
to inform their families.
I get it. I do.
I just... I feel
strongly about this.
Just because
they're not British citizens.
or they've been
lost in the system.
it doesn't mean we can
forget about them.
We can follow the case
and do the right thing.
I agree. Mike.
You've done them proud.
Thanks. Eva.
Thanks. everyone.
What is it?
[smacks lips]
I want to ask
what the psychiatrist
was doing
in the mortuary
the other night.
- At the mortuary?
- At the mortuary.
How come?
And you're sure
it was her?
Oh. yeah. I'm positive.
I know that you're
working together.
Yeah?
Or whatever unorthodox thing
it is that you're doing.
But that was a huge breach
of security on my part.
She does not have clearance
to be there alone.
None of you do.
Of course. mate.
I'm really sorry
that happened. OK?
I'll talk to her.
See that you do.
And if you look here.
see this little area right here?
Hippocampus.
So. what we might
expect to see here
in someone
with your symptoms
would be white spots
or signs of atrophy.
particularly
hippocampal atrophy.
like shrinkage.
But this. as you can see.
is entirely normal.
[chuckles] Congratulations.
you're a perfect specimen.
- [smacks lips]
- [knock on door]
[chuckles]
Excuse me a moment.
[Sophia chuckles]
[door opens]
[door closes]
You OK?
I'm fine.
I've been meaning
to ask you. erm...
How come you were at
the mortuary on Monday night?
I wasn't.
Eva said
she saw you there.
But why on earth
would I be in a mortuary
on a Monday night?
She must have you
confused. then.
- I think she must.
- Yeah.
Do you wanna
stay at mine tonight?
I wish.
Believe it or not.
I should go
because my dad'll be
wondering where I am.
- [chuckles]
- Yeah. 47.
Living with my dad.
- It's fucking bleak.
- [chuckles]
OK. I'm going to leave
the door on the latch
in case you change your mind.
I'll think about it.
Thank you. [chuckles]
You just rest tonight.
- Mm-hmm.
- OK.
[door opens]
[door closes]
♪ uneasy music playing
♪ melancholic music playing
[effort grunts]
[grunts]
[sobbing]
♪
[sniffles]
[knock on door]
Mm. Thought you might
change your mind.
[light switch clicks]
[gasps]
Come downstairs. please.
Tea's ready.
We need to talk.
♪ eerie music playing
♪ closing theme music playing
Press play. Subtitles appear.
200+ languages. One app:  tryray.app